add "Gramps Web" to section Genealogy (#3490)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Genea.app](https://www.genea.app/) - Genea is a privacy by design and open source tool anyone can use to author or edit their family tree. Data is stored in the GEDCOM format and all processing is done in the browser. ([Source Code](https://github.com/genea-app/genea-app)) `MIT` `Javascript`
- [GeneWeb](https://geneweb.tuxfamily.org/wiki/GeneWeb) - GeneWeb is an open source genealogy software written in OCaml. It comes with a Web interface and can be used off-line or as a Web service. ([Demo](https://demo.geneweb.tuxfamily.org/gw7/), [Source Code](https://github.com/geneweb/geneweb)) `GPL-2.0` `OCaml`

> - [Gramps Web](https://gramps-project.github.io/web/) - Gramps is an open source genealogy software written in Python. "Gramps Web" is a web application replacing the GUI but using gramps as a library and thus sharing the data format(s). ([Demo](https://gcp-api-puqt5dnf3a-uc.a.run.app/) login with `owner`/`owner`, [Source Code Frontend](https://github.com/gramps-project/Gramps.js), [Source Code Backend](https://github.com/gramps-project/gramps-webapi)). `AGPL-3.0` `JavaScript/Python`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gramps Web](https://gramps-project.github.io/web/) - Gramps Web is a web app for collaborative genealogy. It is based on and interoperable with Gramps, the leading open source genealogy desktop application. ([Demo](https://gramps-project.github.io/web/), [Source Code](https://github.com/gramps-project/gramps-webapi)). `AGPL-3.0` `Docker`
```

- Use the official description since it properly describes what the software does
- Link to the page containing demo credentials, we do not list credentials inline
- Link to the backend source code since multiple source code links are not supported
- The only documented/supported installation is Docker -> The `Language` tag is the main server-side requirement for the software

Reviewer: @azrdev ping
